What's going on in here Ariana you seen a young woman around here?
Lucy's adoptive sister. She slipped out before I could blink
No
You're right. The mark is a secret and only the dead keep secrets
Austin's mate is Lucy
That can't be right. I need to confirm this
Austin I'm sorry about Emily. I had no idea should come here and cause all that trouble
Lucy it's not your fault. She's the one who crossed the line. How about I lend a hand?
At least I can do
Actually Lucy there is something you can help me with
Next week is the annual lunar assembly
All of the alphas in their lunas from across north america
Will be there. It's kind of a big deal for the werewolves
I'd like you to accompany me. I'm not your mate
But you are my wife. I want you by my side
Wait, did he just say I miss Luna?